# Event Cards

- **Bennett**. Keep this card in your hand until you wish to play it. When you play this card, give one quantum component to or receive one quantum component from the other spaceship. _With a little work, quantum state can be deconstructed in one place and reconstructed in another._
- **Bit Flip Error**. Reset the detection rate to the first "4". _You notice that your quantum engines are glowing green and blue. A readout on your console shows they have recalibrated themselves._
- **Heisenberg**. Keep this card in your hand until you wish to play it. When you play this card, roll the Entanglion die. Proceeding in clockwise order from OMEGA ZERO, count the indicated number of planets. Move both ships to the selected planet, ignoring orbital defenses. _A tall man wearing a pork pie hat bumps into you in the spaceport and hands you a small blue card. "Try this, you'll love it!" he says before running off._
- **Quantum Shuffle**. Reshuffle the quantum event card stack as performed in Game Setup and draw another event card. _Sometimes, things that should happen, don't._
- **Quantum Tunnel**. Keep this card in your hand until you wish to play it. Play this card to bypass orbital or ground defenses during your turn. This card does not count as your turn action. _Walking through the spaceport, a stranger bumps into you and hands you a strange device. "I know what you're doing," she says. "It's dangerous to go alone. Take this!"_
- **Schrödinger**. Increase the detection rate by one. _Sometimes the cat is alive, and sometimes it is not. The only way to tell is by looking._
- **Spooky Action**. Place the quantum components from your ship face down and select one at random. Roll the Entanglion die, count the indicated number of unoccupied planets from OMEGA ZERO, and place the component on that planet. Return the remaining components to your ship. This card has no effect if your ship has no quantum components. _The navigation system of your ship calls out, "A quantum disturbance has been detected. Please inspect your engines." Upon inspection, you notice a quantum component is missing!_
- **The Mechanic**. Keep this card in your hand until you wish to play it. When you play this card, set your hand aside, draw three engine cards, and play up to two of them. Bypass any orbital defenses present in Entanglion. Discard the unplayed engine card. _You meet a quantum mechanic in the spaceport who wishes to join your crew!_
- **Wave Function Collapse**. Reduce the detection rate by two. _You hear a loud crackling noise and your ship goes black in a complete power loss. When power is restored, a readout on your console shows the efficiency of your quantum engines has increased._
